1. created server
2. passed express to the server to handle everything
3. Tested express for incoming requests through its middleware
4. created routes using express.Router for get,post,patch and delete method
5. Imported those route configurations in app.js to supply routes and its listener
6. Installed nodemon for watching the changes
7. Morgan - Logging package installation
8. Handling Errors for the unexpected routes and unexpected errors like db operations
9. Parsing the body using body-parser and handling the cors using writing special headers
10. Installing cors package to eliminate writing the special headers code
11. Adding DB to the application { Mongodb and Mongoose package }
12. Creating Mongodb atlas credentials and cluster to work with cloud based Database to accomodate scalabality
13. Created DB user to make a connection between api and cloud db
14. Imported mongoose package into the api(app.js) to connect db and do operations in the db
15. kept the password of db in the seperate file(nodemon.json) to isolate it
16. Created and exported schema and model to save the data in db(mongoose works with model and schema only)
17. imported the model created in product file to post the data
18. Instantiated the model with new keyword and posted the necessary fields inside that. Instantiated mongoose 
    with new keyword to generate the unique _id inside model.
19. saved and sent the data to mongoose using save()method and handled promise use send the response
20. {/:productId} Retrieved the created productId from the url param and got the single entry through
    findById() method of mongoose.
21. {/:productId} remove() method does the delete trick in db
22. get all product list was done by .find() method of mongoose
23. update method does the update trick in http patch. $set is used to update the particular field of form data in update method    
24. Mongoose validation on product schema
25. Remove unnecessary properties in response in all endpoints using select method and custom rewrite
26. Made all the product endpoints self descriptive by giving url in the response to reduce user assumptions to navigate to other routes











Steps for Creating Login/Signup Module:

Signup Route:
1. Create User schema/Model for signup the user
2. Create POST Route for signing up
3. Hash the password to protect privacy
4. Save the valid details to db
5. Avoid Duplicate Entries while saving in order to prevent the same user save
6. Validate the email address before save

Delete Route:
1. Create a Get delete route for deleting user using id

Get Route to get all users:
1. Create a Get route to see all the users signed up


Signin:
1. Create POST route for signin
2. Validate the payload with signedup user for genuinity
3. Generate a token if he is authenticated user
4. Throw error if the user is not authenticated/Exist


Route Protection using jwt:
1. Create a middleware which should be pluggable in the routes config to authenticate the user before he expects
    response
2. Verify the genuinity of the user by jwt token validation
3. if the user token is not valid throw the right message for him
4. Protect the protectable routes

Add controller to clean up the route files:
1. Create a controller directory and respective file to reside all the controllable executions
2. Import then in the route files and eliminate the old chunk of code
3. Remove the unncessary imports and clean up the old files 












Packages used:
express
nodemon
morgan
body-parser
cors
mongoose
multer
bcryptjs
jsonwebtoken